Alright, in this section I have an
assignment for you.
We're going to refactor the project to
use project Lombok. So what we want to do
is refactor the remaining classes to use
the project Lombok and we want to use
@Data on the entities. And I don't think
we have any special methods that we need
to watch out for as far as anything that
we modified there previously. But if you
do encounter them be careful with that. Make
sure that we don't do anything that will
customize beyond a simple setter or
getter. Then go ahead and add in the
Slf4j annotation and I want
you to add that on the controller and
bootstrap class. I think we only have two
classes left there. I did the service
class in the last lesson and then we
also want to add in some debug logging.
Just add a debug statement just so you
can get used to using that log property.
And in the next video I will live code
this exercise for you. A pretty
easy one but I want to get you using project Lombok.